# Hackathon Project
## Team Member: Yue Wang, Yu Chen, Yuqian Cheng

Our Hackathon Project explores a dataset of 80 cereal products. The dataset is from Kaggle. It contains cereal's name, manufacture and nutrition information. Some of the packages we use are pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn, statsmodel etc.. We read in the data, there are two categorical variables and others are all continuous. We recode the categorical variables to make them more readable. Then we do value count analysis of categorical variables and throw some barplots and boxplot. Finally, we do a heatmap of all the continuous variables to have a initial view of the relationships before further analysis.Our Hackathon Project explores a dataset of 80 cereal products. The dataset is from Kaggle. It contains cereal's name, manufacture and nutrition information. Some of the packages we use are pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn, statsmodel etc.. We read in the data, there are two categorical variables and others are all continuous. We recode the categorical variables to make them more readable. Then we do value count analysis of categorical variables and throw some barplots and boxplot. Finally, we do a heatmap of all the continuous variables to have a initial view of the relationships before further analysis.

After doing some data visualizations, we start to run regression analysis, the first model is all variables included, R-square equal to 0.93 which is great, but in terms of P-values, the variables of calories, cargo, cups have insignificant impacts on y variable. So next, we got rid of these three variables and run the regression analysis and build model 2. This time our R-square is still 0.93, but all the variables left all have significant impacts on Output. Apparently, this is better than the first model.

To summarize, we put all of our graphs together in a radio button menu for user end application. What we have done is basically follow the code from class lecture and revise some of them to fit in our data set. For further uses, this user menu code can be a template that display any kind of graphs. As for the limitation, we also wanted to include a comparison chart for our regression models but for some reason the "for" loop cannot iterate. We would love to fix that if we have more time.
